Mikey and I came out to our little hot
spot did some digging I've got that
coming out right there are you showing
off again I'm showing off again hold on
while I pluck it let's see we got here
1913 p harrington with the stopper nice
with the stopper Wow right that's a
clean clean ones yeah that's a nice
bottle there it's it's meant looks like
MIT's mint check it out and get back at
you I'm going to take a walk down now
and actually i'll show you some of my
other stuff real quick there's some
other stuff this one here is a damaged
blob from manchester Provost include
here that's weird looking I gotta milk
that's an orange crush right there
that's a little atomizer it's blown and
some other stuff here's another
interesting little piece it's like I
don't wait what do you think that is
some kind of a candy dish you can t
dition yeah it's like t.o looking pretty
hmm here's my keys operation he's got a
nice little cratered there for himself I
just cave it so it's a mess we'll give
you a shot of his find in a minute a
heartbreaker it's broken I broke it Mike
smacked it it's Avon what is that Mikey
says Vaughn Huff's trademark cocoa wine
and malt wicked cool ball never seen one
like this any of you guys seen it let me
know let us know it's a pretty cool
piece even broken it was a little
different blown carbonyl well Bob
central all of a sudden here's another
one I just got out it's a Sharon
brothers 1913 but that's really not what
I want you to look at hold on a minute
you can see I've got something right
here and it's a jeg on it says it right
on the stopper of course you can't see
that yet let see if at all oh yeah
oh yeah yeah it's jay gone all weekend
boss 1 let's see if I can get you up you
can barely see the embossing it's very
weak but it is Jake I'm from Boston Mass
I make he's interested in taking them
probably not but ill see bye okay so
here's Maddie being a blob whore you
know I'm the one that collects blog so i
guess my counsel I guess he collects
Manchester Bob so that's all right so
he's just he's just taking it easy today
he's not even a foot down on the ground
this is just a surface dump up here I'm
down on a five or six foot hole it's got
a bossing right here I don't know what
it says yet to do its Manchester not
getting ankle in it and he's got how
he's got three popping out all at once
here no I think I just heard a fourth
back there got another one here you know
it's up on it right in here you got a
blob on something else you guys hear him
man and then I got another one see I'm
down there working hard come on okay
what do we got no no it's a nothing and
two nothing with a where is it this is
something I like Karis house and all
this is a nice one it says Joe secured
it's not a Joseph Karen it's actually
just a different turn for them it's
facing me okay guys you see that that's
a nice bottle you know what else every
one of these has the swapper into that's
you yeah yeah it's intact I'll put it
down right here next to the other one
for now thank you this one there's two
and now let's see what number three is
and there's nothing a piece of metal
this one's broken let me tell you know
and what was it another Karen all was it
boston won i told you what we figured
that one had to be the broken one we do
that to notice i didn't do it either
just just is the rest of it there's
another one right here yeah ulta milk
nah they just pulled a meltdown so nice
and boss heavily in foster see what we
got there you go hot spot alright guys
i'm going to shut this thing off so i
can go do some work and show them what I
can do heartbreaker of the day for Mikey
it's a TF cannon I'm Kent cambridge
street nice bottle here's a lineup of
some of the blobs and some milks
it's all this stuff there some more
blobs it's crazy whiskey just starting
to get bad i'm going to make this quick
let's show you another continent
druggist
look at that cobalt blue ammonia I'm
psyched about the some more blobs
someone damaged sign on Orange Crush
wait do you see what we've been digging
most of the day picture the whole liner
this thing here was neat like a santa
ornament or like Christmas link tears
check this out there's a softball catch
up those are all Sanford's Jamaica
gingers look at them all we've got like
15 10 10 or 11 10 through 15 the bus
kiitos here are horrible right now I'm
going to have to cut the short those are
all Sanford's Jamaica gingers all of
them got to go get it